It relieves my stree. I'm streesed out thee days So I need this.
이것은 나의 스트레스를 풀어준다. 요즘 스트레스를 많이 받아 나는 이것이 필요하다
It's cheaper so I can save money
The price is resonable 가격이 저렴하다
It faster so I can save time
I can get a lot of useful information from my friends
I can get a lot of useful information from my books
I can get a lot of useful information from my Inernet
It's more reliable so the information is more trustworthy
I can get information anytime anywhere on my smartphone	
It's more personal and builds a closer relationship
이것은 더 개인적이고 더 밀접한 인간관계를 쌓을 수 있다.
It causes less misunderstanding 이것은 오해를 덜 불러 일으킨다
It's my favorite thing to do
It makes me happy so I can forget about my worries
It has great facilities 이것은 좋은 시설을 가지고 있다.
It's a well-liked place so peaple love it
I'm a student so my budget is tight 나는 학생이라 예산이 빠듯하다.
I can't afford to buy expensive thigs 나는 비싼 것을 살 여유가 없다
I don't want to waste too much money on that
It's a waste of money 이것은 돈 낭비다
I'm a student and I'm so busy with my school work
I don't have much time
I don't want to waste too much time on that
It's more fun and entertaining, so I don't get bored
이것은 더 재밌고 즐거움을 주는 일이다. 그래서 나는 지루하지 않다.
I think it's more fun to do things in a group
I can meet new people and make friends
I feel comfortable and I can focus better   
나는 더 편안함을 느끼고 더 집중할 수 있다.
I don't have to waste time waiting for other people
I feel more comfortable at home
I can save time because I don't have to waste time going out
They are too old so I think it's good to have new ones.
They are too outdated so I think it's good to have new ones.
If we have more stores here, It would be more convenient.
It's very necessary for me
It makes me happy and I can have a great experience
They provide a happy environment and a pleasant experience
그들은 행복한 분위기와 기분좋은 경험을 제공한다.
It's more reliable and I can trust the product
It's a popular item so people will love it
It has sentimental value 이것은 의미가 깊다
I like to try new things 나는 새로운 것을 시도 해 보는 것을 좋아한다.
It's a good gift
It's part of my routine 이것은 내 일상의 일부다.
It's my habit 이것은 내 습관이다.
I really liked it 난 그것이 정말 좋았었다.
It was great 그것은 훌룡했다.
It was awesome  그것은 매우 근사했다.
It's cheaper and faster 이것은 더 싸고 더 빠르다
It's very useful and convenient 이것은 매우 유용하고 편리하다
It's very helpful for me  이것은 나에게 매우 도움이 된다.